[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You are listening to
the "Accepting Yourself"
MindTalk audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it
does, I'd just like
to remind you that the
following audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to cause deep relaxation.
So please be sure that, wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, and let go
and really enjoy
those peaceful feelings as all
the benefits come flooding in.
I'd like you, now,
to make yourself
as comfortable as
possible and listen
to the sound of my voice.
And as you do so, you may be
aware of other sounds going on
around you.
But you know that
they're not important.
They don't matter at all.
And you can dismiss them
out of your awareness
and focus your mind
entirely on what I'm saying.
This is your time, and
you'll make the most of it.
No one needs or wants
anything from you at all.
And I'd like you to
take in a deep breath,
filling your lungs
as much as you can.
And let it out slowly.
And again, take in
a long, slow breath.
And when you're ready,
let it out slowly.
Now you can allow your
breathing to return
to normal, gentle
breaths in and out,
returning to your normal
gentle breathing pace.
And I'd like you, now,
to imagine yourself
outside in your favorite
place in nature.
Maybe it's a peaceful
tropical beach.
Or it could be a
beautiful garden.
And maybe you can
imagine lying back
on a boat, which is sailing
on a tranquil river.
It really doesn't
matter where you are as
long as it feels good to you.
And it's a beautiful day.
The sky is a special
shade of blue, so clear.
And it's a warm summer's day.
There's a breeze gently
blowing over you.
And the temperature is
just how you like it.
And in the sky is
a dazzling sun,
so bright that you just
want to close your eyes
and feel the glowing, healing
warmth of the sun on your body.
And surprisingly, you find
that you can direct that sun
over and around your body.
And as you realize
this, you begin
to direct the light from
the sun over your face.
You can feel the healing
warmth of the light
from the sun over your face,
just relaxing those muscles
around the eyes, around the
nose and mouth and your brow.
And as you do this, you find
that your facial muscles
begin to flatten out
as they relax and you
let go completely.
And it's a beautiful day.
You move the light from the
sun into the throat area,
feeling the warmth of the light
from the sun in your throat,
relaxing all the muscles, just
letting go completely now.
And the warm sunlight now
moving into your shoulders
and across your
shoulders, making them
feel loose and limp
and comfortable
as your shoulders sink into
the frame of your body.
And you feel so comfortable
now, so relaxed and at peace.
And you let nothing bother
or concern you at all.
And you direct the light from
the sun down your right arm,
from the shoulders to
the tips of your fingers.
The right arm begins
to relax and let go.
And it's a beautiful feeling
to be here right now.
The warmth of the
light from the sun
penetrates the knots and bones
and muscles of that right arm.
And it's such a beautiful day.
You move the sun
over to your left arm
and guide the light from the
sun down and up your left arm,
from the top of your
shoulders all the way down
to the tips of your fingers.
You can feel the left arm
relaxing, becoming comfortably
heavy and totally relaxed.
Now, move that warm light
across and into the chest area.
And relax the chest,
all the muscles there.
Now, down to the stomach,
relaxing your tummy,
down into your hips and your
thighs over to your right leg.
The light warms the muscles
as you relax your right leg.
Let it feel comfortable
and heavy now.
Now, move the light from
the sun down your right leg,
up and down from the top of the
hips to the tips of your toes
as the right leg
relaxes and you let go.
And it's such a beautiful
day, you now move the light
into your left leg.
You move it up and down the left
leg, from the top of the hips
to the tips of your toes.
And your left leg relaxes,
releasing tension,
letting go, now, completely.
Your whole body is now totally
and completely relaxed,
from the top of your
head all the way down
to the tips of your toes.
And as your body relaxes,
your mind also relaxes.
And I want you, now, to
notice that the sun is
setting, going down now,
deeper and deeper down.
And you're so deeply
relaxed, but still completely
alert and aware.
You resist the temptation
to fall asleep.
Your mind is thoroughly
relaxed, but you
stay focused on these words.
So now I'd like you to
use your imagination.
And once again, you're in a
wonderful place in nature.
The trees are a
beautiful shade of green.
It's a stunning day, and the
sun is shining down on you.
There's a soft and
gentle breeze in the air,
making you feel pleasantly
relaxed and calm.
All around, you can see
trees and plants and an array
of the most beautiful
flowers you have ever seen,
so colorful and vibrant.
And you can smell the rich
aroma of these flowers,
making you feel so peaceful.
Nothing else matters right now.
You feel completely
at ease and so calm.
And in the distance, you
can hear the sound of water
flowing slowly and gently.
The sound of water is helping
you to go more and more deeply
relaxed.
You may feel your muscles
are loosening more and more,
relaxing with the beautiful
flowing sound of water.
Out of curiosity, you decide to
follow the sound of the water.
And you feel excited about where
it's leading you, knowing deep
within yourself you're going
to a very special place,
a place where you're
going to create
some positive, wonderful,
long-lasting changes.
As you walk slowly
towards the water,
you can hear the sound of
birds singing in the trees.
You feel totally at ease.
As you finally
reach the lake, you
realize it's the most beautiful
vision you've ever seen.
And you're in awe of the
beauty that surrounds you.
The vast lake is
filled with a variety
of colors, rich colors of blues,
turquoise, and light greens.
And it fills your mind and
body with a wave of relaxation.
You may be becoming more relaxed
with each and every breath
you take, feeling more calm,
more peaceful, and more
relaxed than ever before.
Your mind may be
drifting in and out,
just letting go, deeper
and deeper still.
You may feel as though your
mind is flowing gently,
flowing gently like the
lake in your imagination.
You look into the distance,
and you can see a wooden bridge
leading over the lake.
You walk towards the bridge,
feeling more and more
deeply relaxed.
As you reach the
bridge, you can see
there are 10 steps leading over
to the other side of the lake.
You slowly start
walking over the bridge,
counting the steps in your mind.
10, 9-- deeper and
deeper, still--
8, 7-- all the way down
to relaxation now--
6, 5, and 4-- drifting off
peacefully and easily--
3, 2-- all the way
down, deeply relaxed--
and 1.
You see a comfortable,
padded chair,
and you take a seat,
ready to embrace
the changes to come in your
deep state of relaxation now.
For a while now, you've
been living with self-doubt
and having a sense
that you can do better,
striving for perfection, and
being too hard on yourself,
always seeking to be
the best at what you do,
while having to prove
yourself to others
can be exhausting
and leave you feeling
worried and unfulfilled.
But I'm sure you
know that we all
do the best that
we can at the time
given with any
given circumstances.
And like anyone else,
we're all sometimes
prone to making mistakes.
The most important
thing, when this happens,
is to forgive yourself and learn
from the mistakes every time.
We grow stronger and more
knowledgeable because of them.
Perhaps some painful criticism--
hurt or rejection,
perhaps from childhood--
has become a core belief that
persists in your adulthood.
So failing to accept yourself
becomes an affirmation
of that limiting core belief.
And it makes you feel worse
and saps your motivation
and energy, leading to
despondency and hopelessness,
effectively eroding your
self-esteem and resources
that you need to make changes.
I'd like you, now, to
think about all the things
that you do love about yourself.
It may be how good you
are at your job, how
your friends adore
you, or perhaps
how you're doing a great job
at raising your children,
how kind, thoughtful, funny, or
loyal you are, whatever it is.
I'd like you, now,
to take the time
to think about that one thing
that you love about yourself.
Absorb that feeling and
allow it to sink in.
And note how others will
love this about you, too,
and how they'll be drawn to
you because of that quality.
Other people are drawn to
your positive qualities,
and it's you who are holding
on to your negative qualities.
It's time, now, to
start accepting that you
do have good qualities.
You do have something to offer.
You're valued.
You're more than enough.
You are wanted,
and you're needed.
From now on, you watch
your inner monologue,
recognizing your strengths
and all the benefits
that you have to offer others.
You make sure you
don't brush off
any achievements or qualities.
You think about the
now and take a moment
to give value to all of your
achievements, no matter how
small.
We're not focusing
on negatives here.
We're focusing solely
on the positives.
You know that we hold
negative thoughts
much more easily in our minds.
But it's now time to accept
that you and all others
have negative aspects
about you, but we're not
focusing on them now.
This only leads to
more negativity.
And you continue with
that line of thinking.
And you're listening
to this MindTalk audio
as you want to focus on changing
those thinking patterns.
So from now on,
you take a moment
to recognize achievements or
qualities, positive aspects
about yourself.
You are unique,
and not everyone is
as special nor capable as you.
And you value your
own unique qualities.
You absorb them.
Perhaps you write them down.
But whatever you do, you
don't brush them aside.
You are valued, and you
thrive on the good qualities
that you have.
With this new inner
self-confidence now embedded
deep within you, you find
yourself no longer listening
to negative comments, whether
from the past or in the future.
These comments simply
bounce off you now.
You feel protected from within.
Your internal dialogue
has also changed,
and you find yourself rewarding
and complimenting yourself
more and more as the old
habits of negative thinking
or criticism simply
no longer serve you.
You now realize that people
who believe in themselves, that
truly know who they are, accept
who they are, trust in life
and love who they are
can do almost anything.
They can achieve what
they want to achieve,
be whoever they want
to be, and go forward
in life as a success.
Your internal dialogue
will affect your behavior
more than you think.
So from now on, you're
aware to make sure
that that inner monologue is
only focused on positivity.
You believe in yourself, and
you know that no one is perfect
and that others won't judge
you if you do something wrong.
And if they did, then
their opinion or approval
wouldn't matter because
no one's perfect.
You know that you'll
always do your best,
and you accept that
that is good enough.
All that really matters is
you and what you think of you.
And you're now much more
easily able to put forward
your best self and to be more
confident at work or socially.
You feel energized, motivated,
confident, self-assured,
and driven.
So, with your new and improved,
limitless, upbeat attitude,
you're raising your energy and
very best aspects to the top,
to the surface, activating
the very best energies, easily
and skillfully raising and
improving your self-ideals,
your self-image,
and your self-esteem
to new and improved
heights of greatness.
You are now a confident
person, knowing
your past does not define you.
You know who you are and
where you want to go.
So as your self-confidence
soars daily,
your ability to see things
more positively and clearly
increases.
Other people also notice
subtle changes in you,
and you're pleasantly
surprised at the calm exterior
that you now display.
What they probably don't
realize is that you're not just
outwardly calm.
You also have a quiet
inner confidence, too.
And this is the result of
you accepting yourself.
And because you're
finally beginning
to realize this
and accept yourself
as a wonderful person
you are, you really
don't need to prove to anyone
that you can do better.
You are a unique individual
with so many good qualities,
and you accept yourself as
the wonderful unique human
being that you are.
You trust yourself, and you
know that you're good enough.
No one is better than you.
They're simply different,
and that's good.
That's what makes us so special.
And when you accept yourself
on this deeper level,
wonderful things
can begin to happen.
You live your life skillfully,
successfully, and powerfully,
doing all that it honestly
takes to rise to the top
and exemplifying only
your very best self.
And you rise to the top,
and you flourish, thriving,
and gracefully succeeding
as never before, feeling
a newer, truer, and growing
sense of satisfaction
and self-approval and
acceptance as never before.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind.
They'll become more
and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from one to five
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
So coming back, now,
with 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.